While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
I like pizza very much.
A pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice.
Why don't we order pizza?
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
Please help yourself to the pizza.
Pizza is my favorite food.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
Divide the pizza among you three.
Hey, this pizza isn't bad. Not bad at all.
I could go for a nice hot pizza right now.
We pigged out on pizza and beer.
My work was to deliver pizza by motorcycle.
My father likes pizza very much.
I pigged out on pizza.
When I was a student, I used to go to that pizza parlor.
I feel like having some pizza tonight.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
He likes such foods as tacos and pizza.
We pigged out on pizza and chicken at lunchtime.
The pasta here's pretty good. And the pizza too.
My father loves pizza.
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
I love pizza very much.
After six months in China, you will realize that you regret not accepting that pizza before you left.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
Pizza is the kid's favorite meal.
The children shared a pizza after school.
We've eaten pizza and chicken at noon.
I don't like pepperoni pizza very much.
"What toppings do you want on the pizza? ""Anything but anchovies."""
I don't like pepperoni pizza that much.
I like cheese pizza.
Hi, I'd like a deep-fried pizza roll.
How do you eat a panini that was once a pizza?
When he asked for a single slice, they gave him an entire uncut pizza, which he proceeded to eat by rolling it up like a burrito and just shoveling it in. The question, of course, is whether a whole entity is a slice of itself.
I want to eat pizza tonight.
Divide the pizza in three.
At that time, the city is full of people who'll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
I could go for some pizza right now.
What's your favorite pizza topping?
A pizza? Yea, that works.
I ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago.
I don't like pizza any more than I like spaghetti.
I don't like pizza anymore.
Luckily they invented pizza!
Do you usually eat more than five slices of pizza a month?
Tom ate the whole pizza by himself.
Tom and Mary are going downtown to eat pizza.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
Tom put too much hot sauce on his pizza.
Tom even likes cold pizza.
Nobody can make pizza as well as Tom can.
Bring pizza and beer!
My favorite pizza is Pizza Hawaii.
My favorite pizza is Pizza Hawaii.
Her favourite food as a child was pizza.
I killed her by drowning her in a tub filled with Neo Kobe pizza.
Tomorrow, I will eat strawberry cake and pizza with my boyfriend.
Tom ordered a French bread pizza.
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three slices.
Pizza, please.
Tom is baking a pizza.
They bake a delicious pizza.
Have you ever baked a pizza?
Is it true that you baked a pizza today?
And we got a free pizza.
I can teach you how to bake a pizza.
Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.
It's true that Americans love pizza.
Tom loves pizza and french fries.
Tom ate the leftover pizza for breakfast.
On Friday nights, I often go eat pizza with my friends.
I ate pizza every day last week.
There are two slices of pizza for each person.
Tom eats pizza with a fork, but Mary eats it with her hands.
Tom ordered pizza.
How large is the pizza they serve at that restaurant?
I'll have a kebab pizza deluxe, with mixed sauce.
Does anybody want a pizza?
Tom doesn't want any pizza.
Tom wants pepperoni on his pizza.
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
Making pizza is something I learned from Tom.
Nobody here ordered a pizza.
I like pizza.
I ordered pizza.
I'm ordering pizza.
Where's my pizza?
Can I have a pizza, please?
I'll go get the pizza.
"How do you say ""pizza"" in Italian?"
I ordered pizza by telephone.
You like pizza, don't you?
I love pizza.
I don't want pizza. I'm not hungry.
I had pizza for lunch, so I don't want pizza for dinner.
I had pizza for lunch, so I don't want pizza for dinner.
I had pizza for lunch.
